website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes: Add annotations and labels page (#578)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/integrations/kubernetes/annotations-and-labels.mdx

---
page_title: Annotations and Labels used by Terraform Cloud Operator
description: >-

>   Full list of annotations and labels used by Terraform Cloud Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Full list of annotations and labels used by Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes.
```

---

# Annotations and Labels used by Terraform Cloud Operator

## Annotations

| Annotation key | Target resources | Possible values | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-new` | Workspace | "true" | Set this annotation to `"true"` to trigger a new run. Example: `kubectl annotate workspace <WORKSPACE-NAME> workspace.app.terraform.io/run-new="true"`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-new` | Workspace | `"true"` | Set this annotation to `"true"` to trigger a new run. Example: `kubectl annotate workspace <WORKSPACE-NAME> workspace.app.terraform.io/run-new="true"`. |
```

> | `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-type` | Workspace | `plan`, `apply`, `refresh` | Specify the run type. More information: [Run Modes and Options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options). It defaults to `plan`. Changing this annotation **DOES NOT** trigger a new run. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-type` | Workspace | `plan`, `apply`, `refresh` | Specifies the run type. Changing this annotation does not start a new run. Refer to [Run Modes and Options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options) for more information. Defaults to `"plan"`. |
```

> | `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-terraform-version` | Workspace | valid Terraform version | Specify the Terraform version to use. This setting works only when the annotation `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-type` is set to `plan`. It defaults to the Workspace version. Changing this annotation **DOES NOT** trigger a new run. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-terraform-version` | Workspace | Any valid Terraform version | Specifies the Terraform version to use. Changing this annotation does not start a new run. Only valid when the annotation `workspace.app.terraform.io/run-type` is set to `plan`. Defaults to the Workspace version. |
```

Reviewer: Is only a specific version valid (ie. "1.0.0") or can the user define a version constraint (ie. "~> 1.0.0")? If the latter, I think we should add the following sentence after "Specifies the Terraform version to use.":

"This can be either an exact version or a [version constraint](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints) (like ~> 1.0.0)."

## Labels

> Terraform Cloud Operator uses no labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Terraform Cloud Operator for Kubernetes does not use any labels.
```
